README.markdown, before:

# CsvHelper

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FJoshClose%2FCsvHelper.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FJoshClose%2FCsvHelper?ref=badge_shield)

A library for reading and writing CSV files. Extremely fast, flexible, and easy to use. Supports reading and writing of custom class objects.

## Install

To install CsvHelper, run the following command in the Package Manager Console

    PM> Install-Package CsvHelper

## Documentation

http://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/

## License

Dual licensed

Microsoft Public License (MS-PL)

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MS-PL

Apache License, Version 2.0

http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

## Contribution

Want to contribute? Great! Here are a few guidelines.

1. If you want to do a feature, post an issue about the feature first. Some features are intentionally left out, some features may already be in the works, or I may have some advice on how I think it should be done. I would feel bad if time was spent on some code that won't be used.
2. If you want to do a bug fix, it might not be a bad idea to post about it too. I've had the same bug fixed by multiple people at the same time before.
3. All code should have a unit test. If you make a feature, there should be significant tests around the feature. If you do a bug fix, there should be a test specific to that bug so it doesn't happen again.
4. Pull requests should have a single commit. If you have multiple commits, squash them into a single commit before requesting a pull.
5. Try and follow the code styling already in place. If you have ReSharper there is a dotsettings file included and things should automatically be formatted for you.

## Gifts <sup>*</sup>

Several people have asked me to give them a way to gift money for working on the project, so I have made a public Amazon wish list.
In the future I may add a way to gift money through paypal or something similar, but for now I'd rather not recieve cash gifts.
Any gifts are greatly appreciated and I'm still very shocked that people are asking for this. I'm just glad CsvHelper has helped
make working with CSV files easier for people. 

[Amazon Wish List](https://amzn.com/w/36WDXJGN8KQO6)

<sub>* Disclaimer: All gifts go directly to Josh Close and are not considered compensation in any form.</sub>

Commit message:

Added building docs instructions to readme.

README.markdown, after:

# CsvHelper

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/CsvHelper/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FJoshClose%2FCsvHelper.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2FJoshClose%2FCsvHelper?ref=badge_shield)

A library for reading and writing CSV files. Extremely fast, flexible, and easy to use. Supports reading and writing of custom class objects.

## Install

To install CsvHelper, run the following command in the Package Manager Console

    PM> Install-Package CsvHelper

## Documentation

http://joshclose.github.io/CsvHelper/

### Building the Documentation

1. Install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
1. Go into the `CsvHelper/docs-src` folder.
1. Run `yarn start` to start a local test site. Make any changes needed.
1. Run `yarn build` to build the documentation files that are output to `CsvHelper/docs`.

## License

Dual licensed

Microsoft Public License (MS-PL)

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/MS-PL

Apache License, Version 2.0

http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0

## Contribution

Want to contribute? Great! Here are a few guidelines.

1. If you want to do a feature, post an issue about the feature first. Some features are intentionally left out, some features may already be in the works, or I may have some advice on how I think it should be done. I would feel bad if time was spent on some code that won't be used.
2. If you want to do a bug fix, it might not be a bad idea to post about it too. I've had the same bug fixed by multiple people at the same time before.
3. All code should have a unit test. If you make a feature, there should be significant tests around the feature. If you do a bug fix, there should be a test specific to that bug so it doesn't happen again.
4. Pull requests should have a single commit. If you have multiple commits, squash them into a single commit before requesting a pull.
5. Try and follow the code styling already in place. If you have ReSharper there is a dotsettings file included and things should automatically be formatted for you.

## Gifts <sup>*</sup>

Several people have asked me to give them a way to gift money for working on the project, so I have made a public Amazon wish list.
In the future I may add a way to gift money through paypal or something similar, but for now I'd rather not recieve cash gifts.
Any gifts are greatly appreciated and I'm still very shocked that people are asking for this. I'm just glad CsvHelper has helped
make working with CSV files easier for people. 

[Amazon Wish List](https://amzn.com/w/36WDXJGN8KQO6)

<sub>* Disclaimer: All gifts go directly to Josh Close and are not considered compensation in any form.</sub>
